hello guys leave for Smith it and I got
something in the mail today fee with my
magazine so I decided to do another
install the this time my third install
of New Super Mario Bros to death skin
decals fully and pds i've actually
played a demo of this game at comic-con
in manchester on the 3ds XL it ids is
chunky i do not like the feel of the 3ds
XL and one bit it is it's raining again
it's basically like the dsi excel but
move Lee with the circular pad and using
it with the circular pad does not fill
the right of this game and but I'm gonna
doing and still love this um of the
decals I'm going to use it up one then
you get can watch me i'm using a good
canvas today
I already cleaned is so totally decolav
got with little bit visited with a baby
wipe because baby wipes are fantastic
for this club I already done all that
stuff off camera so you don't have to
bother with it the mcds is upside down
so yeah and you know this is as easy as
last time I also popped out the little
holes in this okay my head might get
away
so let's just a matter of getting it
like so now this is on a little bit
crooked but take your time it'll go on
it's roughly over the camera holes so so
yeah trust me this'll make people right
quick this is on very wouldn't say very
roughly but quite roughly no bubbles so
that is handy loads of finger smudges
hope throwing rocks modules it doesn't
matter bubbles this is not a screen
protector so please don't sweat it okay
turn the lamp up and the finished
product we zoom out because this camera
zoomed in this is the finished product
please put that down a little bit
see this way if any product there we go
a little bit of a bubble there it's got
bubbles but really they don't shell
black and come on people and as you can
see the camera holes are not fully
aligned but the cam host is still see a
ball for them and that's it but this one
can do um zoo Merrigan yeah me let me
consume into that hole there we are as
you can see it's not aligned but does
not need to be perfect as long as the
cameras can still see it doesn't matter
um so yeah this is it I've still got one
spare if anyone if anyone wants it but I
don't think they'll bother because this
is free come free with the cutting in
Beaufort if it was the in-game of mag or
Nintendo Magazine quite sure but I
closed the black one because it looks
really nice I've got this one spare
might give away facebook i'm not quite
sure pme of you on it I don't care it
because this is the only feed yes in a
house this is my food yes it's the only
one I mean there there there I really
hope you enjoyed this I will do more if
I get them and i will see Nick some I'll
take a photo of this and stick ally in
the video with my professional and
camera and I will see you next time
central dentists egos